v0.43 changelog: ZX calculus transforms (#8394)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h4>ZX Calculus transforms 🍪</h4>

* A new set of transforms enable ZX calculus-based circuit optimization.
  [(#8025)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8025)
  [(#8029)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8029)
  [(#8088)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8088)
  [(#7747)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7747)
  [(#8201)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8201)

  These transforms make it easy to implement advanced compilation techniques that use the
  [ZX calculus graphical language](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_zx_calculus) to
  reduce T-gate counts of [Clifford + T gates](https://pennylane.ai/compilation/clifford-t-gate-set),
  optimize [phase polynomials](https://pennylane.ai/compilation/phase-polynomial-intermediate-representation),
  and reduce the number of gates in non-Clifford circuits. These transforms include:

>   * :func:`~.transforms.zx.optimize_t_count` to reduce the number of gates in a Clifford + T circuit by applying

Author: ```suggestion
  * :func:`~.transforms.zx.optimize_t_count` to reduce the number of ``T`` gates in a Clifford + T circuit by applying
```

I think this is specific for T gates right?

    a sequence of passes that combine ZX-based commutation and cancellation rules and the

>     Third Order Duplicate and Destroy (TODD) algorithm.

Author: Is there a link we can add for TODD? Potentially https://pennylane.ai/compilation/phase-polynomial-intermediate-representation/compilation ?? 
<img width="824" height="309" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-07 at 2 23 33 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a4ef0de-3c8e-4d4a-9b4d-fe5a341f786b" />

>   * :func:`~.transforms.zx.todd` to reduce the number of gates in a Clifford + T circuit by using the

Author: ```suggestion
  * :func:`~.transforms.zx.todd`: reduces the number of gates in a Clifford + T circuit by using the
```

Very optional 👨

Author: This is also specific to T gates right?
